Previously on "Imposters"...
Seattle.
- She's in Seattle.
- Seattle?
He's an assignment, sweetie pie.
Patrick Campbell could be
one of our biggest scores.
The numbers aren't good.
They are amazing.
Not in a million years, Max.
Oh, yes, you most definitely will.
The payoff is huge.
What's the payoff?
We get to live.
If you ever go to the police
or try to find me, everyone in the world
will know what's inside that folder.
I bet whatever's in your folder
is way worse than what's in mine.
I have literally no idea
what you're talking about.
Yeah, me neither.
Ready to go?
We were never going to run.
You need to stop saying "we."
Rules of the game, Sal.
- You broke 'em.
- Maxie.
This is your ex-wife.
Your shape-shifting, money-stealing,
professional con artist ex-wife,
and mine, and his.
Guys, we need a Maddie code.
No alone time.
No contacting her on our own.
No sex.
I'm gonna throw you one
kick-ass birthday party.
I hate birthday parties, always have.
Until you met me.
Ez.
- Hi, Ava.
- What are you...
- Alice.
- How did you...
Hey, Ce.
What the f...?
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
- Excuse me.
- Whoa, whoa,
what are you doing?
Going to the bathroom. Is that okay?
May I please use the restroom?
You're not really in a position
to take that tone...
- But yes.
- Come right back.
And no funny business.
Jesus Christ.
Okay, we're okay. It's okay.
Oh, my God, she looks so different,
but I can see Alice in there.
I see Cece.
I see something,
but I don't think it's Ava.
Does anybody else feel like puking?
Well, here I am.
Now what?
Fine, I'll start.
You found me, congratulations.
That's right. We did.
Yeah, and we're not leaving
until we get what we came for.
What'd you come for?
Don't you wanna know how we found you?
Why don't you just
tell me what you want?
- You stole our money.
- Yeah, that's right.
You can't just take people's money.
You didn't just steal our money.
You took... our dignity.
Wrong. No one can take that from you
unless you give it to them.
Anything else?
Yeah, you at least owe us some answers.
I don't have any answers.
Well, you haven't heard
the questions yet.
Let me guess.
How could I do this to you? Right?
- Or better yet, "Why me?"
- Yeah, exactly, why us?
Because it's my job.
It's what I do.
And because you let me.
Um...
Okay, we're willing to cut you a deal.
- A deal.
- Mm-hmm.
There's no deal to be made
because there is no money.
Uh, what about everything
you stole from us?
It's gone.
- It's gone?
- Yep.
What, it's just gone?
- That's right.
- Okay, bullshit.
We're entitled to the truth.
- You want the truth?
- Yeah.
And we're not leaving until we get it.
Okay.
Here's your truth.
You are in way,
way over your heads, okay?
If I screw up this job
that I'm doing right now,
if you screw it up for me,
then he is going to kill me.
He's going to kill me in a very slow,
painful way.
Who are you talking about?
What, you think I do
what I do all by myself?
All right, so,
here's what's gonna happen.
I'm going to get up,
and I'm gonna walk out that door,
and then each of you
are going to turn around
and go back to your lives
because if you don't,
then I'm quite literally a dead person.
And then all of you are not far behind.
There's your truth.
What just happened?
- Ava... get out, let me out!
- What are you...
Maddie, wait!
- Oh, God.
- Okay, he'll get her.
He'll bring her.
- Maddie!
- I don't feel so good.
Oh, God.
Thank you.
- Are they ready for us?
- Uh, I think so.
- We just head right over here.
- Okay.
How many weeks in Seattle,
and you've already got an admirer.
Nicely done.
Huh.
What's the matter? Wrong guy?
No, no, if anything, he's too right.
It's me.
Well, either call
that gentleman and tell him
you'd like to thank him in the flesh
or give me his number.
Jesus Christ.
How soon can we get out
of this goddamn bank?
Whoa. Whoa, hold on.
Look, Max.
This morning at the diner...
I just... I can't...
I can't work here anymore, okay?
I thought after Heller was,
you know, gone
that they'd let me go.
I mean, couldn't I just quit?
No, no, no, you gotta keep on
like nothing's changed.
- You want some advice?
- What?
You wanna quit being a secretary?
Make yourself a wife ASAP.
I mean, it looks like
you're on your way, right?
Just doing my job.
Good, that's good to hear.
Toaster pastry?
I don't buy it, guys.
I mean, who would want to kill her?
Besides us?
Maybe it's like she said.
She's accountable to someone.
I mean, what we need to know
is does she have a new mark.
I mean, is she already married?
Was she wearing a ring?
Oh, I didn't even notice.
Oh, me neither.
Shit, guys,
this isn't amateur hour, okay?
We gotta get it together.
By doing what, exactly? She's a liar.
We have zero information.
She just played us and left again.
I mean, how is it possible
she doesn't have
any of our money?
I need that money, all right?
If I don't get that money, I'm screwed.
Okay, okay, you're right.
We don't know what
we're dealing with here.
And we can't know what
to do until we find out,
so let's get to work.
You having a tough day?
Sorry, everything at the bank.
My boss and...
It's just so sudden, so strange.
No, don't apologize.
You don't need to be
any certain way with me.
Just be you.
You are just so sweet. You know that?
Yeah, you got it!
Just want me to wait or just go?
So fake, aw.
Ugh, fake, fake-ity fake, fake.
Yeah, man, that's so fake.
Looks pretty real to me.
I'm not believing it.
Poor schmuck. He's totally doomed,
and he doesn't even know it.
I don't think he's struggled much.
He's gonna be fine.
- Have a heart, dude.
- Heart-schmart.
We want our money back? There you go.
This guy's a juicy target.
Well, gotta hand it to her,
at least she's
gone back to my type.
I mean, he's good-looking,
well-built, charismatic.
Look at that smile.
Well, maybe you should date him.
Uh, hold up, it looks like
we got a bogey at 3:00.
- "Bogey," isn't that golf?
- No, I mean in a "Top Gun" way.
Who do you think this is?
I don't know.
- Sister, maybe?
- Racist.
It was the way they're saying hi!
Guys, shh!
Racist.
Man, she's meeting his family already.
It's not that I don't
like birthday parties.
It's just that I don't like
being the center of attention.
Oh, you think the party is about you?
Oh, no, no, no, no,
he just wants to show off
what a great boyfriend he is.
Hey, hey!
Well, I mean, yeah, but still.
Doughnut, is that a doughnut?
I love those kind of doughnuts, man.
Dude, how do we not have
any snacks, man?
- Dude.
- All good stakeouts
- have snacks.
- We've been here
- like five minutes.
- Oh, target's on the move.
- They're getting up.
- Uh-oh.
- Okay.
- What do we do?
Uh, don't know.
Uh-oh, looks like
they're splitting up, guys.
- What's the plan?
- Okay, three of them,
three of us. I say we split up too.
I call Alice!
_
Can I help you find something?
Yeah, you know, I don't...
I don't know a whole lot
about flowers,
but I'm trying to convince
my new sort-of-girlfriend
that I do by buying
a lot of flowers for her birthday.
_
- Hey.
- Oh, my God, how are you?
- Hi. I'm good. And you?
- It's good to see you.
- Yeah, good, I'm just...
- Yeah, what's up?
It's Patrick's girlfriend's birthday.
_
- I'm on it.
- Thank you.
Are you Patrick?
Yeah.
Man, I thought it was you.
Wow, this is the craziest coincidence.
This is not gonna be
a repeat of the diner.
Remember, she has
more to lose than we do.
We came here for our money,
and we're gonna get our money.
And we're all gonna
abide by the Maddie code?
- Absolutely
- For sure.
- Let's do this.
- So now we're musketeers?
Come on, guys, don't leave me hanging.
- Always forward.
- Never back.
Sweet.
Yo, handsome.
Yes, beautiful?
Do you mind?
Oh, I don't mind at all. Okay.
Hey, wrong direction.
Well, I mean, we have time, don't we?
Mmm.
I suppose so.
Oh, my goodness.
Who's here so early?
Caterers, probably.
Always messing up my plans.
Hold that thought.
- Hey!
- Hello!
- Good to meet you.
- Yeah, nice to meet you.
This is my girlfriend.
Happy to meet you too.
Hey, come on down.
I got a little surprise for you.
Patrick.
What did I say?
- We talked about this.
- I know.
I told you, no surprises.
You're gonna really
like this one, though.
Surprise!
Oh, my God!
I cannot believe my baby
sister is turning 30.
What happened?
I don't know.
I mean, I didn't even know
you had a brother,
and then this guy shows
up at the flower stand,
and he's calling out my name.
It was incredible.
That is incredible.
- Wow, how did you, um...
- Well, you told me
all about your new mystery man,
sent me all those cute photos.
So when I saw him,
I had to say something.
I mean, have you ever
fallen for a guy so fast?
- Ezra, you're embarrassing me.
- What?
No, don't stop, though,
'cause I'm loving it.
Oh, God, I'm so sorry.
This is my girlfriend, Jules.
Jules, meet my sister, Saffron.
She's 30 today.
- So I hear.
- Wow.
It's so lovely to meet you finally.
Nice to meet you too.
Okay. Stop it.
Wow, so many people
that love you in one room.
This is gonna be a fantastic party.
Yeah, did anyone offer anyone a drink?
I was just headed there.
Come on, follow me, guys.
What can I get you guys?
Birthday girl first.
Oh, birthday girl? Wow, happy birthday.
What's your poison?
Something strong.
- One for me too.
- And me.
All right,
how about a cocktail I invented?
Clean, classy,
disappears without a trace.
Call it the "Alice."
That sounds wonderful.
- Four Alices.
- All right.
Yeah, it's just so pretty.
Come on, Max, answer your phone.
You've reached my cell. Leave a message.
Shit.
Yeah, it's only been two weeks.
- Really?
- Yeah.
That's hilarious
I did not know that, wow.
So you live right here in Seattle?
Well, Bellevue.
Suburbs, you know, they get a bad rap,
but, uh, what can I say?
I like being able to park.
Yeah, I understand that.
Oh, excuse me.
Oh, no problem.
Having fun?
Yeah.
I sure didn't expect all of this.
But you know Patrick.
He loves bringing people together.
Mm-hmm.
You know, Patrick never mentioned
that you had a brother.
Mm, yeah, well, I think family
is the most important thing,
- don't you?
- Oh, I do.
You really get to know
someone when you finally
- meet their family.
- And big brothers are the best.
- Ahh.
- You have any other siblings...
No, no, just the one. Excuse me.
So finally, finally,
I'm like, yes, okay, fine,
you can cut my hair, and she cuts
an enormous bald spot
in the back of my head.
And then I'm like, okay,
I'm gonna do the same thing
to your dolls,
and I was the one that got in trouble
because Saffron, I don't know, man,
she always knew how to
manipulate our mom and dad.
It's like she has this whole
shape-shifting thing going on.
Is my brother being a
pain in the ass again?
No, no, he's a funny guy.
You know, it's nice to hear some things
about your childhood.
She tells me so little,
I was starting to think
she was raised in a cult.
Well, a cult would've been
a lot more interesting
than Pottsville.
Pottsville? Where's that?
Pottsville, Pennsylvania, hometown.
Wait, I... I thought Cincinnati?
It's Cincinnati.
Right, we're originally
from Cincinnati...
- Right.
- But our uncle got sick,
and we moved to Pottsville.
- Uncle Sam.
- And let me tell you,
Pottsville had never seen
anything like Saffron.
Stop.
When's...
when's the last time you visited?
- Ezra.
- No, no, no, it's fine.
You know, things are a bit
tough back there, you know.
Our dad, his, uh... his memory's
going down, you know, and, uh...
But this one, she's still
the apple of his eye, huh?
Anyway, sorry, not tonight.
Patrick, where are...
where are you from?
Uh, Chicago, originally, then...
- Thank you.
- Thanks.
You're welcome.
How come he's getting
all the play with her
and I'm stuck here like a dishrag?
They're not alone.
Technically not a code violation.
- Well, I still don't like it.
- Hey, how was your little chat?
One-on-ones are not cool, remember?
And that wasn't a one-on-one,
and your breath smells
like a Tijuana strip club.
Are you slut shaming me?
No.
Here she comes.
- Hi.
- Can I have another Alice?
- Of course, coming right up.
Thank you.
Come here, my friends.
- Hey, I have a question.
- Mm-hmm?
What the f...
do you think you're doing here?
Not leaving until we get our money.
I already told you. There's no money.
Well, then I guess you better get it.
Well, that dude Patrick
is clearly loaded.
How long till you steal all his money?
You can pay us then.
- Not exactly how it works.
- Oh.
Okay, how about this?
You think you three bozos
can keep your shit together
for about 30 minutes?
We're not having trouble
keeping our shit together.
Precisely, exactly, boom.
Okay, I'm cutting you off.
- Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
- I'm cutting you off.
So what happens in 30 minutes?
Max gets here and tells
you all about your money.
Good, look forward to that.
- One Alice, made with love.
- Thank you.
Stop it.
So who the hell is Max?
No idea.
Oh, yeah.
Hey, birthday girl.
You know, I'm not even sure I know when
your real birthday is.
Max, I've been calling you all day.
How fast can you get here?
Is the party that much fun?
We have a real situation.
It's Ezra Bloomer, Richard Evans,
and Jules Langmore.
Son of a bitch.
- How... how did they...
- I don't know.
I don't know. Just get here.
Legion of Boom. '85 Bears.
- Game-defining D.
- Oh, absolutely game-defining.
Played a little ball
back in high school.
I'm certainly glad I didn't have to face
any of those super smart secondaries.
Right, well, who would?
I played too.
Quarterback.
- Aw, really?
- Hell yeah, man.
Well, here you go.
- Perfect.
- Yeah, cheers, bro.
Game time. Thank you.
New boy crush?
He seems like a good guy.
Oh, "He seems like a good guy."
Blah, bloo, blee, bloops.
Okay, drink some water.
Drink it, okay?
Can I please have everyone's attention?
Old friends, new friends, family.
I wanna thank everyone
for being here tonight
to help me celebrate the life
of this spectacular woman
standing over here.
Come here, babe.
When I first met Saffron,
she disagreed with every word I said.
And I thought, "Now this is
a woman that isn't gonna"
take any of my shit."
I like that.
We do too.
- You know, I have a saying...
- Oh, he has his own saying.
When love is the answer,
doesn't matter what the question is.
It's kind of cool,
but does that qualify as a saying?
- No, it does not.
- Shh.
The last few years have presented me
with some questions, big ones.
And guess what the answer is.
Gee, guys, do you think it's love?
- Shh.
- It's definitely love.
- Love is always the answer.
- Pfft.
Thank you, Saffron, for your kind heart,
your adventurous spirit,
the way you challenge me,
all of it.
To Saffron.
Can I puke now or later?
Aw, it was a pretty good speech,
though, overall.
Poor sap, he has no idea what's coming.
- Oh, I almost forgot.
- What's that, a poem?
Folks, happy birthday, babe.
When words aren't enough.
Oh, you gotta be kidding me.
Oh, wow.
Yeah.
Ooh.
Cheers.
Hey, brother.
Hey, you know, money talks...
Wanna dance?
Where's this Max guy you promised?
He's on his way.
- Really?
- Mm-hmm.
Oh, come on,
might be our last chance for...
A brother/sister dance?
All right.
What?
Shit.
- So...
- Mm-hmm.
- Tell me, my brother...
- Sister of mine?
How did you know about Pottsville?
Well, it turns out I'm a
pretty resourceful guy.
Mm, maybe.
Guess I just didn't expect
you to go that far to find me.
Maybe you underestimated me.
Maybe.
- You seem different, Ezra.
- Yeah?
I still see you in there.
You see... Ava?
I see Maddie.
I see you too.
- Really?
- Yep.
Always could,
see you, be with you, so easily.
Ooh-ho-ho, wow. I remember that look.
What look?
The, uh, "this is something special,
you're the only one who gets me" look.
- Mm.
- How do you do that?
You just throw your heart
around like it's nothing.
I don't know.
Maybe it's different this time.
Maybe he's not just a mark.
If that's what you need
to tell yourself, then... great.
- You guys do look alike.
- Mm-hmm.
I mean, coloring and all. It's crazy.
There's some crucial differences.
- There are.
- I hope so.
All right, she's all yours, man.
Enjoy yourself.
Don't start.
Okay, definite code violations.
One-on-one, touching, out of control.
- That wasn't a one-on-one...
- Shh.
- You got anything with Amarula?
- How about Amarula?
I'll take some Amarula.
- Glass of Amarula.
- Mm-hmm.
- Pretty awesome.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
- What are you drinking?
Ah, stupid soda water now.
I like yours better.
Bartender kind of cut me off.
Had to do it.
Uh-oh, Dad left the liquor cabinet open.
- Ohh.
- Stupid Dad!
Cheers. It's a party.
- Just don't drive home.
- To never going home again.
Oh, I didn't say get that crazy,
but whatever's good.
- I like your perfume.
- I'm not wearing perfume.
Okay, then I just like
the way you smell.
Excuse me, ma'am. More champagne?
What?
I saw you dancing with Ezra out there.
I need a one-on-one too, okay?
One-on-one what?
Meet me upstairs in the
study in five minutes.
- Richard.
- Or I'm gonna go big.
Richard.
Do it.
What? You can't be serious.
I'm serious, okay? I need closure
really, really, really, really badly,
and this is the only way I can do it.
If I do this, do you promise
to get the hell out of Seattle?
- Yes, yes, yes, okay?
- Fine, five minutes.
Okay.
Dumbass.
Hello, Richard.
Alice.
How've you been?
I'm fine, thank you.
Look, we need to talk.
It's not gonna be easy,
but I need you to hear this.
- Should I take a seat?
- Just... let me...
- I was gonna say that.
- Oh, I'm sorry.
Go ahead.
Uh, have a seat.
- Thank you.
- Yeah.
So I'm breaking up with you.
I understand.
Can you maybe be a little bit upset?
I just dumped you.
Oh, right, I'm sorry.
Do it again.
Alice...
I'm breaking up with you.
Richie, don't, please.
- We're so good together.
- I know.
- What about all our plans?
- No, I know.
We were very good together,
but I'm on a journey now that...
I'm on a journey which...
I mean, I'm on a journey which...
I'm journeying, and it's a solo mission,
at least for now,
and you can't come with me.
- Maybe if...
- Just... just don't, please.
Please, seriously.
You know,
sometimes I can't eat or sleep.
You took up so much room inside me,
and then you just ripped it all out
and left this big, painful nothing.
And I don't want it anymore,
and so I'm...
I'm breaking up with you,
and, uh, we're done.
You understand?
We're done.
Go.
Please.
I'm sorry.
Maddie, Alice, wait.
- Alice, Alice, hold on, hold on.
- Shh, shh, shh, Saffron.
- You mean Saffron.
- Okay, whatever, I'm sorry.
Look, are you okay? Are you okay?
You seemed like you...
Should we get back together?
What? No, no, you said
you wanted closure, I gave you closure.
I didn't say closure and tears.
Okay, this... this...
How can you just... How?
It's my job. I told you.
- Well, it's a shit job, okay?
- Ugh.
Boo to your job.
Oh! Hey.
- There you go.
- I like that one.
Yeah, oh, people, people!
Hi, everyone, hi,
are you having a good time?
Me too!
I'm Jules. I'm Saffron's girlfriend.
Oh, no, wait,
I'm Saffron's brother's girlfriend,
and I got a lot of
feelings on this big night,
so listen up!
Shit.
Birthday.
Birthday!
When are we really born?
Is it when we first come
out of the birth canal,
or is it when we first
become aware of ourselves?
Maybe we're born again
over and over and over and over
with each person that we meet.
Our birthday girl, 30 years, or 30 days.
Maybe we should all just face the facts,
that Saffron Keyes
- is really just...
- Saffron Keyes is really
30 years old today. I love you, sis.
Come on, raise a glass, everybody, eh?
Come on.
Cheers. Come on.
Hey, hey, come here,
come here, come on, come on.
Hey, come on, come on.
Will you cut it out, God damn it?
People need to know who she really is.
- Shh!
- No, don't you shush me!
She was my wife too, okay?
I have things to say too.
Okay, okay, come on, come on.
All we had to do is
keep our shit together
for 30 minutes, Jesus!
- No, I'm fine.
- Unbelievable.
What the hell?
You actually did the wig thing?
Are you insane?
We came here to do a job, get the money,
- and run, remember?
- Is that what you were doing
when you were dancing
cheek to cheek with her?
Exactly, no one-on-ones, remember?
She asked me.
- Mr. Ellis.
- Pops?
Señor Cisneros?
My name is Max.
I knew you weren't dead.
- You're a bright kid.
- Wait, so you were working
- with her the whole time?
- Yeah.
So does this mean that you
don't really think my art
"marries the playful
subversivism of Duchamp
with the sublime sensuality of Kahlo"?
How drunk is she?
Not... not enough.
Sit down, everyone. Now.
Do you know why you're here?
We're not here for any trouble, okay?
- We just want our money.
- Wrong.
You came here to chase a phantom.
People do crazy things for love.
I get it.
If they didn't, well,
I wouldn't be in business.
But know this: there's no Ava;
there's no Cece; there's no Alice;
and there's no money, not now, not ever.
Says you.
I'm sorry?
"A," you're a con artist,
so what you say
doesn't exactly hold water.
"B," we can blow the lid
off this whole thing
in five seconds flat...
- Yeah.
- If you don't guarantee us
- a piece of the action.
- True that.
- "A piece of the action."
- Mm-hmm.
At what price, hmm?
Are you willing to destroy your mother
and bring down Bloom Boot & Heel
in one fell swoop when I reveal to Mumsy
that your father has a
sweet little side dish
named Chanterelle and that the entire
family business is built
upon a stolen patent?
Whoa, seriously?
And are you going to be
able to live with yourself
when your hometown finds out
that you threw that interception
on purpose to beat the spread?
And for what, 10 grand?
That's pretty weak.
That money went to my mom.
- Nobody cares, son.
- I knew it.
I knew you guys had your own secrets.
So it seems we're all con artists
in our own way, aren't we?
- And poor Jules...
- Do not go there.
Please don't forget that
we have this information.
Leave town today, or we'll use it.
And my last and most important point:
if anything interferes
with Maddie doing this job,
the people who sent her
here to do this job,
well, simply put,
they will kill her, they will kill me,
and, as far as you three bumblers go...
Hey, man, don't threaten us.
I'm telling you...
- Oh!
- Whoa!
And, oh, yeah, there's that.
Don't let me see any of you ever again.
Josh, what is it?
Why have you been calling
for the last three hours?
Jesus, Ezra, why haven't you
been answering your phone?
Dad had a heart attack.
What?
I-Is he okay?
We don't... We don't know, man.
You just... You need to come home.
Mom is... It's rough here, man.
Just get home now.
What's going on, man?
What?
You have the post-party blues?
Mm, no.
Just, you know, a year older.
I don't think I'm any wiser.
Mm, I think you're a lot
wiser than you know.
Thank you.
Really, thank you
for the party,
the fireworks, everything.
You're amazing.
And I'm not even done yet.
I mean, you didn't think
I was gonna really let
your birthday pass without giving you
an actual gift, did you?
- Patrick.
- Hold on. Give me one second.
- We... ugh.
- One second.
I would like you to open this,
please, madam.
Oh, my God, you have done enough.
Worth way more than anything
I have to put in it.
Oh, then we gotta do
something about that.
And you should probably leave some room
for a little vacation
shopping when you pack.
When I pack?
Yeah, I thought this weekend,
I'd take you
for a little getaway, unless, of course,
you don't wanna go.
Wait, wait, don't you even
wanna know where we're going?
No, no, no, anywhere
that's away with you
is exactly where I wanna be.
How long you gonna go for?
I'll know more when I get there, uh...
Hey, I'm so sorry about your dad.
But you know this isn't over.
Oh, maybe, or maybe
we just have to accept
that we're not getting
what we came here to get.
We don't even know what
we came here to get,
so there's no reason to think
we can't still get it, right?
You know, what's scary
is that I'm starting
to understand your logic.
I think you miss me already.
Yeah, yeah, uh, in your dreams.
Take care of yourself, all right?
- Yeah, okay.
- Talk to you soon.
Let me just say again,
I really, really, really
think it's a stupid idea.
You need the electrolytes. Drink up.
No, just... will you just
listen to me for a second?
Max said that Cece
was in actual trouble,
like violence, death.
He's a con artist.
He was lying.
What if he wasn't?
Look, she chose this life, all right?
Patrick didn't.
- He's a good guy.
- He's fine.
- Whatever, it doesn't...
- Let me ask you something.
What if somebody could've
come to you after you met Cece
but before she totally
screwed up your life
and could've done something,
could've stopped it, huh?
Just, what if someone tries to hurt her?
Or us?
I mean, I really think you
should call Ezra before you...
I don't need Ezra's permission, okay?
I'm going.
You can stay here,
or you can come with me.
- Ugh, you can't leave.
- All right, watch me.
- We're a team or whatever.
- All right?
- Always forward, never back.
- That doesn't even apply
in this case if you... Wait, Richie!
You'll ruin everything.
Oh, shit.
Ah, shit, come on.
Patrick!
God damn it.
Ahh.
Patrick!
Oh, ahh.
No, come on.
Excuse me.
Patrick!
Next.
Okay, just put it in there.
- Thank you.
- You can go through.
Hey.
Thanks.
Can I help you?
Uh, yeah, man, I'm just looking for...
What's up, superstar?
Thank you. Good morning.
That's right, late.
Late.
- synced and corrected by sot26 -
www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org